before Islam the Amari mosque in
Northern Gaza was a church it's been a
holy site for 1,500
years because of Israeli air strikes now
it looks like this what is happening now
in Gaza is cultural
gen destroying the Heritage and the
identity and the history of the people
Ina Israel is
erasing these symbols because they
Israel don't want to the people on Gaza
to have this connection with their
land Heritage for peace has documented
over 100 historical sites in Gaza that
have been damaged by Israeli air strikes
including the casa Palace parts of which
dated back to the 13th century it was a
museum receiving thousands of visitors a
year that now looks like
this and the Samra birs an ottoman era
hamam that was still functioning until
the war that now looks like this thisel
international law is obliged to respect
the cultural heritage of Gaza in at now
and that never happened in the next in
the last two
months three sites on unesco's world
heritage preliminary list have been
damaged but so far UNESCO has been
silent UNESCO has the Mandate under the
convention of 1954 the he convention
it's UNESCO who should raise alarm all
those monuments or that we see across
Gaza and Palestine are documented a
reference would have been passed to the
israelies they know exactly the
geographical location of these
sites a rasia of historical and cultural
buildings in Palestine is not new what
uh the Israelis have done is really part
of a systematic campaign that's been
going on since 1948 it's a huge loss not
just for the Palestinians but for
mankind as a whole entire villages
mosques and cemeteries were raised in
1948 and in Gaza that appears to be what
is happening again image in Kimber Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer